##  Vendor/Rep 1096 Annual Summary Form (AP1099.F4)

<PageHeader />

##

![](images/AP1099-F4-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**1099 Year** Enter the year for which you want to report on the 1099 file.
This must be entered as a four digit year.  
  
**Vendor** Enter the contact name that should print on the 1096 form.  
  
**Email** Enter the email address that should print on the 1096 form.  
  
**Income Tax** If applicable, enter the amount of income tax that was withheld
in this field.  
  
**Minimum Amount** If applicable,enter a minimum amount in this field. This
should be the same entry that was made when printing the 1099 forms. Only
vendors or reps with a total amount greater than or equal to the minimum
amount will be included when calculating the total amount that appears on this
form.  
  
**Form Type** Select the type of form being filed. If no entry is made in this
field, this procedure will print a 1096 form for the 1099-MISC records.  
  
**Company Code** Enter the company codes you wish to appear on this report. If
left blank all company codes will be included.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Adjust Top Margin** Depending on the printer and printer device you are
using, the top margin on this form may need to be adjusted. If no adjustment
is made, the program will print two blank lines before the company address.
With some printers, only one line is required. If that is the case with your
printer, please check this box. You can review these forms by printing them on
blank paper before printing them on the actual 1099 forms.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />