## Security Profile Entry (SECURITY.E)
<PageHeader />

## Output Restrictions

![](./SECURITY-E-4.jpg)

| **Foreground Screen Preview**|  Check this box if the user is to be
restricted from previewing report output on the screen when initiated directly
from the report procedure.

-  
**Background Screen Preview**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from previewing report output on the screen when initiated in the background
from another procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground Email**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to email when initiated directly from the report
procedure.

**Background Email**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
emailing report output when initiated in the background from another procedure
such as sales order entry.

**Foreground File**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
saving report output to a file when initiated directly from the report
procedure.

**Background File**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to a file when initiated in the background from another
procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground Excel**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to Excel when initiated directly from the report
procedure.

**Background Excel**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to Excel when initiated in the background from another
procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground Word**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to Word when initiated directly from the report
procedure.

**Background Word**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to Word when initiated in the background from another
procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground PDF Viewer**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from sending report output to a PDF viewer when initiated directly from the
report procedure.

**Background PDF Viewer**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from sending report output to a PDF viewer when initiated in the background
from another procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground Text Viewer**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from sending report output to a text viewer when initiated directly from the
report procedure.

**Background Text Viewer**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from sending report output to a text viewer when initiated in the background
from another procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground Fax**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output as a fax when initiated directly from the report
procedure.

**Background Fax**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted from
sending report output to as a fax when initiated in the background from
another procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground Network Printer**|  Check this box if the user is to be
restricted from sending report output to a network printer when initiated
directly from the report procedure.

**Background Network Printer**|  Check this box if the user is to be
restricted from sending report output to a network printer when initiated in
the background from another procedure such as sales order entry.

**Foreground System Printer**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from sending report output to a system printer when initiated directly from
the report procedure.

**Background System Printer**|  Check this box if the user is to be restricted
from sending report output to a system printer when initiated in the
background from another procedure such as sales order entry.

**Restrict Image**|  Check this box if the right click options for Save As and
Copy are to be supressed on image controls.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
