## Mass Close Open Purchase Orders (PO.P4)
<PageHeader />

##

![](./PO-P4-1.jpg)

| **Job ID**|  Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters
to this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.

-  
**Destination**|  Select the destination for the output from this procedure.

**Process**|  Select the method to be used for processing the report.
Foreground is always available and must be used when output is directed to
anything other than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the
database on the host computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various
batch process queues available in the list that allow you to submit the job
for processing in the background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A
system printer must be specified when using these queues.

**Format**|  Select the format for the output. The availability of other
formats depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include
Text, Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.

**Layout**|  You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.

**Copies**|  Enter the number of copies to be printed.

**Run Process**|  Click on the button to run the process. This performs the
save function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the
tool bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.

**Last Status Message**|  Contains the last status message generated by the
program.

**Last Status Date**|  The date on which the last status message was
generated.

**Last Status Time**|  The time at which the last status message was
generated.

**Cutoff Date**|  Enter the cutoff date to be used in this procedure. All open
purchase orders with an order date less than or equal to the cutoff date will
be included. This is a required field.

**Vendor**|  If you wish to run this process for specific vendors, enter the
vendor numbers in this field.

**Vendor Name**|  The name of the vendor is displayed in this field for
reference.

**Update Purchase Orders**|  Check this box when you are ready to post the
results ot the purchase order file. If you wish to view the results before
updating the file, do not check this box.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
