##  Upgrade Estimation Report (MOD.R5)

<PageHeader />

##

![](images/MOD-R5-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Version Date** Enter the date of the customer's current M3 software version.  
  
**Std Mod File** Enter the name of the mod file containing the standard
development modification records.  
  
**Cust Mod File** Enter the name of the file that contains the customer's
modification records.  
  
**PD Base Estimate** Enter the estimated hours to apply to the first change to
a PD record.  
  
**PD Addition Estimate** Enter the hours to be applied for each PD change
beyond the first one.  
  
**BP Base Estimate** Enter the hours required for the first change to a basic
program.  
  
**BP Addition Estimate** Enter the hours to be applied for each basic program
change beyond the first one.  
  
**FDICT Estimate** Enter the hours to be applied to reimplement all changes to
an fdict record.  
  
**Menu Base Estimate** Enter the hours to be applied for implementing all of
the changes to at MENU.  
  
**PADEF Estimate** Enter the hours to be applied for reimplementing all of the
changes to a PADEF.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />