##  Sales Order Backlog by Date (SO.R12)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./SO-R12-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Cutoff Date** Enter the cutoff date through which the backlog will be
displayed. Any sales order schedule dates after this date will not be included
on the report.  
  
**Past Due Date** Enter the date which is to be considered "past due" for the
purposes of this report. All dates on or before this date will be identified
as "past due" on the report. All dates after this date will display the actual
date of the schedule.  
  
**Cust Nbr** Enter the customer number if you want to limit the report to one
customer.  
  
**Include Holds** Check this box if you wish to include orders and/or line
items that are on hold.  
  
**SO Types** You may restrict the items included in the report to include only
those sales orders with the type codes you enter in this field. Leave this
field blank to include all type codes.  
  
**Company Code** Enter the company code(s) that you wish to have included on
this report. Leave this field empty to list all company codes.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />