## Shipment Listing for a Customer and/or Part (SHIP.R5)
<PageHeader />

##

![](./SHIP-R5-1.jpg)

| **Job ID**|  Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters
to this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.

-  
**Destination**|  Select the destination for the output from this procedure.

**Process**|  Select the method to be used for processing the report.
Foreground is always available and must be used when output is directed to
anything other than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the
database on the host computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various
batch process queues available in the list that allow you to submit the job
for processing in the background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A
system printer must be specified when using these queues.

**Format**|  Select the format for the output. The availability of other
formats depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include
Text, Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.

**Layout**|  You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.

**Copies**|  Enter the number of copies to be printed.

**Run Process**|  Click on the button to run the process. This performs the
save function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the
tool bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.

**Start Date**|  Enter the date for which you want the transaction listing to
begin. All transactions prior to this date will be omitted from the report.

**End Date**|  Enter the date on which you want the transaction listing to
end. All transactions after this date will be omitted from the listing.

**Type Codes**|  You may restrict the items included on the report to the
sales order type codes you enter in this field. Leave the field blank to
include all types.

**Customer#**|  Enter the number of the customer whose shipments are to be
listed. If you do not know the customer number there is an option in the help
menu for this prompt which allows you to select a customer by entering the
name.

**Customer Name**|  Contains the name of the customer associated with the
number entered as confirmation of the entry.

**Customer Code**|  If you wish to run this report for a specific customer
code enter the code here.

**Part Number**|  If you only want to list shipments for a particular part
number then enter the part number in this field. To include all part numbers
leave the field blank. If you do not know the part number you may enter a
model number, part category or manufacturer part number.

**Description**|  Contains the description of the part number entered. It may
not be changed.

**Co Code**|  Enter the company codes you wish to appear on this report. If
left blank all company codes will be included.

**Last Status Message**|  Contains the last status message generated by the
program.

**Last Status Date**|  The date on which the last status message was
generated.

**Last Status Time**|  The time at which the last status message was
generated.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
