## Mass Email (MASS.EMAIL)
<PageHeader />

##

![](./MASS-EMAIL-1.jpg)

| ****| Automatically skipped. No record ID is required.

-  
**Source**|  If you want to populate the list of email recipients
automatically select the source to use in this field and click on the "Load"
button.

**Ignore Opt-out**|  Check this box if you want the system to ignore the opt-
out flag on the customer record and load the email contact anyway. If you have
already clicked the load button you will have to do so again after checking or
unchecking this box.

**Load**|  Click this button to load the email addresses from the source file
specified. If the source field is blank clicking this button will cause any
email addresses in the list to be cleared.

**Sender Address**|  Enter the email address that is to appear as the sender
on the emails that are generated. This will be defaulted from the entry in
MAIL.CONTROL. If left blank the MAIL.CONTROL entry will be used. Note:
Entering a ficticious email address or an address that does not belong to the
email server specified in MAIL.CONTROL may increase the chance that the
recipients mail server may reject the email or flag it as junk mail.

**Attachments**|  Enter the full path to each file that is to be attached to
the email.

**Open Attachment**|  Click this button to open the associated attachment.

**Delete Attachment**|  Click this button to remove the associated attachment.

**Browse**|  Click this button to open a file browser to find and load the
path of an attachment. The path to the file selected will be loaded into the
next empty row. To delete an entry use the F12 key.

**Subject**|  Enter the text that is to appear in the subject line of the
email.

**Body**|  Enter the text that is to appear in the body of the email.

**Send**|  Click this button to send emails to the recipients specified.

**Master Include**|  Clicking on this check box will cause the check boxes
associated with each entry to be checked or unchecked based on the result of
clicking on this check box. For example, if the checkbox was currently checked
and you clicked on it causing it to be unchecked, all of the checkboxes next
to each email address would be unchecked.

**Recipient Email Address**|  This field contains all of the email addresses
that will be recipients of the email being sent. This field may be
automatically loaded by selecting a source and clicking the load button.
Entries may also be added manually.

**Recipient Name**|  If the email address was loaded automatically this field
will contain the name of the person associated with the email address.

**Recipient Company**|  If the email address was automatically loaded this
field will contain the name of the company associated with the email if
available.

**Delete Recipient**|  Click this button to remove the associated email
recipient.

**Include Recipient**|  If this box is checked the email will be sent to the
associated recipient.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
