## User Settings (SECURITY.E2)
<PageHeader />

## Settings

![](./SECURITY-E2-1.jpg)

| **User ID**|  This field is not visible and is automatically loaded with the
current user ID.

-  
**First Name**|  Enter your first name.

**Last Name**|  Enter you last name.

**Title**|  Enter your title or position in the company.

**Department**|  Enter the department you are associated with.

**Location**|  Enter the location of your office or work place within the
company. In some cases this may be a mail stop number.

**Email Address**|  Enter your email address in this field.

**Telephone**|  Enter your company telephone number. This entry is used in
areas such as the fax cover sheet. If left blank the company telephone number
defined in CO.CONTROL will be used.

**Ext**|  If applicable enter your telephone extension.

**Fax**|  Enter the fax number that should be used when someone is sending you
a fax. If left blank the fax number for the company defined in the CO.CONTROL
procedure will be used.

**Fax Cover Page**|  You may specify a default cover page to be pre-selected
when sending a fax in this field. The name entered must be a valid cover page
name available to the fax modem or server you are using.

**Billing Code**|  If your comapny tracks usage for services such as faxing
then enter the billing code to be charged when you utilize these services.

**Inbox Pop-up**|  Check this box if a pop-up notification is to appear
anytime a new message is available in the inbox.

**Inbox Fade Seconds**|  If you checked the Show Pop-up option you can cause
the popup to fade away automatically within the number of seconds specified in
this field. Leave the field blank if you do not want the popup to
automatically fade away.

**Inbox Sound**|  Select the sound to be played when a new message is
available in the inbox.

**Inbox Hear Sound**|  Click this button to hear the currently selected sound.

**Inbox Forward to Email**|  Check this box if messages are to be forwarded to
email.

**Inbox Leave Copy**|  Check this box if a copy of the message is to be left
in the M3 inbox.

**Task Show Pop-up**|  Check this box if popup messages are to be generated
for task reminders.

**Task Fade Seconds**|  If you checked the Show Pop-up option you can cause
the popup to fade away automatically within the number of seconds specified in
this field. Leave the field blank if you do not want the popup to
automatically fade away.

**Task Sound**|  Select the sound to be played when a reminder is triggered.

**Task Hear Sound**|  Click this button to hear the currently selected sound.

**Send Email**|  Check this box if you want an email sent to you when the
reminder date and time have occured.

**Form Position**|  Select the position at which forms are to be placed on the
screen when they are opened.

**Show User Name In Report Header**|  Check this box if you want your user id
to appear in the header of reports.

**Remember Report/Process Settings**|  Check this box if you want the system
to remember the settings you use for reports or processes. Separate settings
will be retained for each procedure.

**Applications**|  Select each of the applications that is installed on the
client computer. These were loaded automatically the first time the client is
used. Subsequent runs of the client do not repopulate the list. This is done
to reduce the time required to start up the client. If any of these
applications have been installed or removed after the initial setting was
performed you may adjust it here manually or click the reset button to
automatically determine the current set of applications available. This list
determines if the application is available as an output destination in
reporting procedures.

**Printers and Faxes**|  Displays a list of all the printers and faxes that
are available for use in reporting procedures. This list populated the first
time the client is program is run. Subsequent runs of the client do not
repopulate the list. This is done to reduce the time required to start up the
client. If printers or faxes are added removed or changed after the initial
load you can get the current list by clicking the printer reset button.

**Fax Server Name**|  If the associated printer is a networked fax server then
the name of the server hosting the fax device is shown in this field. If the
associated printer is a fax modem installed directly in the client computer
the text (Local) will appear in this field.

**Chart 3d**|  Check this box if you want the charts you see to be displayed
in three dimensional format.

**Chart Theme**|  Select the theme that you want to use when charts are
displayed.

**Sample Chart Type**|  Select the chart type that you want to see in the
sample.

**Change Password**|  Click this button to change your login password.

**Sample Chart**|  Displays a sample chart to give you an indication of how
your settings will affect the look of the various chart types.

**Reset Applications**|  Clicking this button will cause the system to check
the client computer for available applications and populate the applications
list. The changes will be not be committed until the record is saved.

**Reset Printers**|  Clicking this button will cause the system to check the
client computer for available printers and faxes and populate the printer and
faxes list. The changes will be not be committed until the record is saved.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
