## Routing Mass Update Procedure (ROUTING.P2)
<PageHeader />

##

![](./ROUTING-P2-1.jpg)

| **Job ID**|  Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters
to this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.

-  
**Destination**|  Select the destination for the output from this procedure.

**Process**|  Select the method to be used for processing the report.
Foreground is always available and must be used when output is directed to
anything other than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the
database on the host computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various
batch process queues available in the list that allow you to submit the job
for processing in the background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A
system printer must be specified when using these queues.

**Format**|  Select the format for the output. The availability of other
formats depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include
Text, Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.

**Layout**|  You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.

**Copies**|  Enter the number of copies to be printed.

**Run Process**|  Click on the button to run the process. This performs the
save function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the
tool bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.

**Work Center**|  Enter the work center ids that you wish to be added or
deleted to all routings. The work centers will only be added to routings on
which they do not exist and all occurrences of them will be deleted from the
routings. A function code must be specified. All routings will be updated by
this procedure.

**Description**|  This field contains the work center description.

**Operation Number**|  If you will be adding work centers to the routing then
enter the operation number you wish to use. You can leave this field blank if
you want the system to automatically re-assign all operation numbers for you.
If you do not want the system to re-assign the operations for you this is a
required field.
****** WARNING ******** If the operation number already exists in the routing,
the work center will not be loaded in.

**Operation Position**|  If adding work centers, enter the position in the
routing that this work center should be placed. For example, if you enter "3",
this work center will become the third operation. If left blank, the work
center will be added to the end of the list. This procedure updates all
routings. Therefore, if you are adding more than one work center and enter the
same position for all of them, the last one in the list will become stored on
the specified position. For example, if you are adding two work centers and
have specified position 2, the first work center listed will become the third
operation and the 2nd work center list will become the second operation.
If you want the system to re-assign the operation numbers at file-time you can
leave this field blank if you want the work centers added to the end of the
routing. Otherwise, the work centers will be inserted at the specified
position and then re-assigned an operation id.

**Function**|  Enter an "A" to add the specified work centers to all routings.
If the work center already exists it will not be re-loaded or added a second
time to the routing. Enter a "D" to delete the specified work centers from all
routings that contain the specified work centers. All occurences of the work
center will be deleted from the routing.

**Assign Oper No**|  Check this box if you wish the program to re-assign the
operation numbers. The existing operation numbers will be over-written and
numerically re-assigned as 1, 2, 3, etc. depending on their position in the
routing. The operation numbers will be updated after the specified work
centers have been added or deleted. Enter an "N" or leave blank to not re-
assign the operation numbers. This program does not attempt to update the
routings on existing work orders.

**Last Status Message**|  Contains the last status message generated by the
program.

**Last Status Date**|  The date on which the last status message was
generated.

**Last Status Time**|  The time at which the last status message was
generated.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
