## Costed Work Order Listing by Location (WO.R5)
<PageHeader />

##

![](./WO-R5-1.jpg)

| **Job ID**|  Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters
to this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.

---|---
**Destination**|  Select the destination for the output from this procedure.

**Process**|  Select the method to be used for processing the report.
Foreground is always available and must be used when output is directed to
anything other than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the
database on the host computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various
batch process queues available in the list that allow you to submit the job
for processing in the background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A
system printer must be specified when using these queues.

**Format**|  Select the format for the output. The availability of other
formats depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include
Text, Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.

**Layout**|  You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.

**Copies**|  Enter the number of copies to be printed.

**Run Process**|  Click on the button to run the process. This performs the
save function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the
tool bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.

**Work Orders**|  If you only want specific work orders included in the report
then enter the work order numbers you want in this field. Leave the field
blank to include all work orders.

**WIP Locations**|  If you want to restrict the listing to include only the
work orders within certain work-in- process locations then enter the locations
you want to include in this field. If the field is left blank then all work-
in-process locations will be included, sorted by location.

**Include Closed Orders**|  Check this box if you want to include work orders
which have been closed. If not checked then only the open work orders will be
included in the listing.

**Exclude Open Work Orders**|  Select this option if you want to run this
report for clsoed work orders only. This option can be used to find out the
dollars sitting in WIP fro closed orders. If you are finalizing work orders on
the system, these dollars will be moved from WIP to a variance account.

**Last Status Message**|  Contains the last status message generated by the
program.

**Last Status Date**|  The date on which the last status message was
generated.

**Last Status Time**|  The time at which the last status message was
generated.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
