## Executive Business Inquiry (EXEC.Q)
<PageHeader />

## Reps

![](./EXEC-Q-6.jpg)

| **Sort By**|  Select on of the following options to determine the order in
which the data is presented:

Rep name
Booked Dollars
Shipped Dollars
Margin Dollars
Margin Percent

Click on the Refresh Data button to resort the data.

-  
**Period**|  Select the period for which the data is to be displayed:

Inquiry Date
Month to Date
Quarter to Date
Year to Date

Click the Refresh Data button to change the data to the period selected.

**Customer Name**|  The name of the each sales rep that had bookings or
shipments within the period selected.

**Quantity Booked**|  The number of items booked within the period selected.
Note: The value shown has been factored based on the order percentage
specified on the sales order relative to the percentages specified for all
other reps. For example, if there were 2 reps specified, one at an order
percent of 25% and the other at 75%, the amount would be factored for the
first rep by 25% and the second by 75%. If the the first rep was instead at
50% the factor for the first rep would be 40% (50% / 125%) and 60% (75% /
125%) for the second.

**Amount Booked**|  The dollar amount booked for the rep within the period
selected. Note: The value shown has been factored based on the order
percentage specified on the sales order relative to the percentages specified
for all other reps. For example, if there were 2 reps specified, one at an
order percent of 25% and the other at 75%, the amount would be factored for
the first rep by 25% and the second by 75%. If the the first rep was instead
at 50% the factor for the first rep would be 40% (50% / 125%) and 60% (75% /
125%) for the second.

**Quantity Shipped**|  The number of items shipped within the period selected.
Note: The value shown has been factored based on the order percentage
specified on the sales order relative to the percentages specified for all
other reps. For example, if there were 2 reps specified, one at an order
percent of 25% and the other at 75%, the amount would be factored for the
first rep by 25% and the second by 75%. If the the first rep was instead at
50% the factor for the first rep would be 40% (50% / 125%) and 60% (75% /
125%) for the second.

**Amount Shipped**|  The dollar value of items shipped for the rep within the
period selected. Note: The value shown has been factored based on the order
percentage specified on the sales order relative to the percentages specified
for all other reps. For example, if there were 2 reps specified, one at an
order percent of 25% and the other at 75%, the amount would be factored for
the first rep by 25% and the second by 75%. If the the first rep was instead
at 50% the factor for the first rep would be 40% (50% / 125%) and 60% (75% /
125%) for the second.

**Margin Amount**|  The sales margin (price - cost) for each rep. Note: The
value shown has been factored based on the order percentage specified on the
sales order relative to the percentages specified for all other reps. For
example, if there were 2 reps specified, one at an order percent of 25% and
the other at 75%, the amount would be factored for the first rep by 25% and
the second by 75%. If the the first rep was instead at 50% the factor for the
first rep would be 40% (50% / 125%) and 60% (75% / 125%) for the second.

**Sales Margin %**|  The percentage sales margin for each rep for the period
selected. Note: The value shown has been factored based on the order
percentage specified on the sales order relative to the percentages specified
for all other reps. For example, if there were 2 reps specified, one at an
order percent of 25% and the other at 75%, the amount would be factored for
the first rep by 25% and the second by 75%. If the the first rep was instead
at 50% the factor for the first rep would be 40% (50% / 125%) and 60% (75% /
125%) for the second.

**Total Booked Quantity**|  The total number of items booked for all reps
within the period selected.

**Total Booked Amount**|  The total dollar amount booked for all reps for the
period selected.

**Total Shipped Quantity**|  The total number of items shipped for all reps
for the period selected.

**Total Shipped Amount**|  The total dollar amount shipped to all reps for the
period selected.

**Total Margin Amount**|  The total shipment margin for all reps for the
period selected.

**Total Margin %**|  The sales margin percent for all reps within the period
selected.

**Refresh Data**|  Click on this button to cause the data to be redisplayed
based on the sort by and
period selections.


<badge text= "Version 8.10.57 " vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />
