##  Update Purchase Prices by Vendor (POPRICE.P1)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./POPRICE-P1-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Vendor** Enter the vendor you wish to update prices for. This is a required
field.  
  
**Vendor Name** This field displays the vendor name.  
  
**Percent** Enter the percentage to be applied to calculate the new price. To
increase prices, enter this field as a number with up to 2 decimals. For
example, enter "10.00" to increase the price by 10%. To reduce pricing, enter
the percentage with a minus sign (e.g. -10.00) to reduce the price by 10%.  
  
**Round Option** Enter the rounding option you desire - 0, 2, or 4 decimals.
If nothing is entered, 4 decimals will default.  
  
**Update Prices** Do not check this box if you wish to do trial run, with no
updates occuring. Check the box when you are ready to update the prices. A
report will be printed in either case.  
  
**Category** If you wish to restrict the price updates to a category of parts,
enter that category here. Leave this field empty to update all price records.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />