##  Summary Work Order Status Listing (WO.R2)

<PageHeader />

##

![](./WO-R2-1.jpg)

**Job ID** Enter a unique ID if you wish to enter and save the parameters to
this procedure for future use. If you only need to run the procedure and do
not want to save your entry then you may leave this field empty.  
  
**Destination** Select the destination for the output from this procedure.  
  
**Process** Select the method to be used for processing the report. Foreground
is always available and must be used when output is directed to anything other
than a system printer (i.e. printers spooled through the database on the host
computer.) Depending on your setup there may be various batch process queues
available in the list that allow you to submit the job for processing in the
background or at a predefined time such as overnight. A system printer must be
specified when using these queues.  
  
**Format** Select the format for the output. The availability of other formats
depends on what is allowed by each procedure. Possible formats include Text,
Excel, Word, PDF, HTML, Comma delimited and Tab delimited.  
  
**Layout** You may indicate the layout of the printed page by specifying the
appropriate setting in this field. Set the value to Portrait if the page is to
be oriented with the shorter dimension (usually 8.5 inches) at the top or
Landscape if the longer dimension (usually 11 inches) is to be at the top.
Portrait will always be available but Landscape is dependent on the output
destination and may not be available in all cases.  
  
**Copies** Enter the number of copies to be printed.  
  
**Run Process** Click on the button to run the process. This performs the save
function which may also be activated by clicking the save button in the tool
bar or pressing the F9 key or Ctrl+S.  
  
**Part Numbers** Enter the part numbers to be used in determining which work
orders should be included on the report. Only the work orders for the part
numbers entered will be included. You may also leave the field blank which
will cause all work orders to be included.  
  
**Print Entire Description** Check this box, if you only wish to print one
line or the first 25 characters of the description.  
  
**Print WOs with no assembly** Check this box to include only work orders
which to not have an assembly number.  
  
**Status to Include** Enter all of the status codes to be included in the
report. If you leave the field blank then all work orders are included.  
  
**Cutoff Date** Enter the cutoff date to be used in selecting the items for
this report. Any work order with a required date less than or equal to the
date entered will be included. Leave this field blank to include all work
orders.  
  
**Last Status Message** Contains the last status message generated by the
program.  
  
**Last Status Date** The date on which the last status message was generated.  
  
**Last Status Time** The time at which the last status message was generated.  
  
  
<badge text= "Version 8.10.57" vertical="middle" />

<PageFooter />